someone sees or interacts with your
brand seven times they're much more
likely to evangelize you become loyal
love you talk about you to other people
and that's where you generate the
majority of your Revenue
all right it's rep power it's great to
be here uh today I've got Neil Patel uh
who just came off stage uh it was a an
amazing talk uh now I've got to go
through Neil's sort of accolades New
York Times bestseller uh but it was a
top influencer Wall Street Journal top
influencer Forbes we we say that uh your
top the top 10 marketers uh entrepreneur
says you're one of the most brilliant uh
entrepreneurs uh you recognize you're
recognized by President Obama yeah so is
does that Define needle Patel
the all those accolades all the awards I
just see myself as an average guy suck
at sports I love Netflix uh hang out a
lot with my kids my kid wakes me up
every day banging on my head with a
remote control to turn on TV like I just
see myself as a normal person okay well
how do you how do you attribute where
you've gotten to professionally what
what's sort of uh
what drive do you have where does the
motivation come from where do you find
the inspiration in your content talk
about that a little bit talk about that
Journey because I think that Journey a
lot of people say you say you're a
normal guy
um but I wanna I wanna get into that a
little bit why why you've been
successful if you're not a normal guy
how are you so super successful well
first off the drive comes from loving to
help people so when I started as an
entrepreneur okay I didn't have money to
pay people mentors coaches or any of
that and a lot of people help me out for
free and God help me get to where I am
so when I started making some money I
tried paying some of these people
they're like no just keep paying it more
and I love it and getting that
satisfaction of let's say like that Mom
in the middle of nowhere saying like hey
I lived in the middle of the United
States my son worked at Home Depot my
husband left me I own a bed and
breakfast and I can't send them to
college which is what his dream was but
I read some marketing tips we're bed and
breakfast is now fully booked my son was
able to quit Home Depot I paid for his
college and he thinks of a better life
like that makes me happy
so that's where a lot of the drive comes
from the results the accolades awards
that comes from having amazing team it's
not me it's the team it doesn't matter
how talented you are even if you're Elon
Musk you're not going to send Rockets up
into space without an amazing team
SpaceX Tesla they're all great companies
Elon is tremendous no one should ever
um discount him but what makes him so
great also is his amazing Team without
that amazing team Tesla wouldn't be as
good as Basics wouldn't be as good right
you need amazing people the people
Forbes is a great company it's the
people who write amazing content create
an amazing content forms that make
Sports so popular yeah how do you
there's one of the struggles I mean I
was an entrepreneur at a toy company
and one of the things that really struck
a chord that you just said was you know
we got lucky one year at toy fair and we
we walked out uh we were a hundred
thousand dollar company we walked out a
nine million dollar company and the
reason that happened and we reason we
were able to fulfill those orders is
because we had paid our vendors even
when we didn't really have the money to
pay our vendors and they came they went
to bat for us when we got all those
orders they said look we'll give you six
months of credit and they stood by us
when we that's awesome when we blew it
up
and I mean it sounds like what you're
saying to me is like you you've got to
take care is that is that really you got
to take care of people but also hire
amazing people how do you do that that's
that's the trick so taking care of
people is easy compensate them be there
when they're having personal problems I
don't believe in this is work leave your
personal issues at home I believe in oh
you have personal issues can I help you
solve any of them great love to right
your team members are like family
members
um but how to hire great people
it was actually a very easy way to do it
well look on LinkedIn go find people
that are in the exact role that you're
hiring for
look for people who have done that
within your industry at least at two
other competitors not one but two
because if they have direct market
experience and they're at multiple
competitors the chances are they'll do
well for you now the other layer that I
like adding on top of this is make sure
that they've been at those companies for
a while so that way you know they're
loyal they're not just hopping around
you got to make sure they're a cultural
fit and you have to make sure that those
other companies found them valuable see
when you interview people people always
say yeah I did this and I thought these
results you don't really ever know you
can't call up their boss like did they
actually do this because I'm looking at
Mojo but what you can do is see if
they've been promoted multiple times at
that company see if they're that amazing
they would have in most cases been
promoted multiple times right and if
they work at two other competitors they
start up from the bottom they've been
promoted multiple times at both
organizations been there a while and
they're a closer fit the chances are
they'll be able to do it the third time
successfully for you as well yeah I mean
that that's I think that's gold right
there how you're a soft I mean you've
got a software company agency personal
branding you're speaking how do you and
I hate to work work-life balance yeah
how do you find Harmony when you're
trying to manage all of that like what's
what's your system that you have you
must have a system or some sort of
method or just you have an
accountability person that like keeps
you
know keeps you in check how do you
manage all that so I have an assistant
who helps me with my daily tasks and
they like which helps out a lot
um I've used Google Calendar for
everything I use tasks for everything I
don't go to sleep until my emails are
read I try to do that every night unless
I'm in a plane with no internet and I
don't have as much of a work-life
balance you know I would love to say I
spend a ton of time with my kids but for
the time I do spend I make it count so
whatever I'm spending time on I try to
make it 110 because even a small amount
of minutes or hours it all adds up and
you just got to give it your all right
on the flip side I know a lot of people
who spend time with their kids and a lot
of time but they're just watching TV and
ignoring them in the background on the
flip side I'll play with them I'll let
my daughter put makeup on my face
although it's fake makeup you have any
pictures actually I do not on my phone
but my wife whatever makes her happy
like I'm a hundred and ten percent into
anything I do so that way I'm getting
the most out of my time yes I do need a
better balance that's hard because I
love my family and I love working and I
can't stop that my family accepts it but
whatever you're spending time on just
give it 110 because you're making those
moments count
what's uh I'm gonna switch gears
completely now how do you how can
businesses be successful with inbound
Market inbound marketing in 2022
yeah so this is a funny one
a lot of businesses believe that oh my
competition is doing really well on
Google I need to do SEO or I need to do
paid advertising because they do it's
actually not one channel that makes a
business anymore see Facebook back in
the day grew through that email viral
Loop so and so is on Facebook they
invited you to join it Dropbox grew
through uh social sharing tweet to get
more space all channels eventually get
crowded competitive and expensive the
way to do well in inbound marketing
today and in the future is to take an
omni-channel approach okay you got to do
press whether it's being featured on
Forbes or somewhere else right or on TV
you got to do SEO you got to do paid ads
people like is SEO better than paid ads
no you do all channels as long as
they're profitable and they work out
whether Facebook's algorithm favors you
or it doesn't favor you by being on all
channels
you're going to create something in this
brand awareness marketing is called the
gorilla 7 when someone sees or interacts
with your brand seven times they're much
more likely to evangelize you become
loyal love you talk about you to other
people and that's where you generate the
majority of your revenue and an
interesting stat from Adobe roughly 40
of your Revenue comes from eight percent
of your visitors those are the repeat
business they keep buying from you and
that's coming from eight percent who
becomes loyal and you need to generate
more loyal customers by just being
omnipresence and being throughout
multiple channels because what we found
is when you're Omni Channel people are
more willing to buy from you because
they're seeing your brand constantly and
they start trusting you where do where
do we get our information I mean as a
CEO
of a smaller company now
where do I get really good information
about that ad spend about yeah you know
where where can I find that information
a lot of Google searches there's a lot
of tools like we have one called ubersus
which is free there's tools out there
like sem Rush Google
allow data with your own site but yeah
there's similar web for market research
on your competition but the data is out
there and it's accessible for free yeah
I mean I think that's that's the
toughest thing to do is find out where
you should spend your money right yes
and where you should put that ad money
and it's all about Roi well word for a
competition may not work for you if you
spend it all you can make spend as much
as you can as long as this problem the
moment you spend a dollar and you're
losing 50 cents you spend too much
all right yeah we gotta wrap it up I
hate to go but thank you so much